what's up it's your boy DJ I spent here
and today I'm just gonna dress something
get it out the way real quick and move
on
hi give me on Facebook you know what I'm
saying
I'm always arguing with some other DJ
about controllers versus vinyl versus
digital blah blah blah I'm gonna give
you my two cents right off the bat all
right
I've been rockin for 30 years 30 years
since 82 I've been doing this I started
off with vinyl so we had all right I
mean there was still catch using real
the reels and all this other shit but
for the most part finally over the last
five years or so you know I'm saying
I've been rocking a little digital media
you know on Sanford to a DJ running with
these controllers and all that but you
don't say after 30 years I think I
deserve it I paid my dues I've done
everything that there is to do as a DJ
you know I'm saying to allow me to do
some shit like this all right
so all them other details out there that
I hate in on controller ISM that I
hating on digital media that I hate in
you know I'm saying on all this other
shit ask yourself a couple of questions
number one are you a pioneer number two
have you done anything to advance or act
to the DJ culture have you invented a
scratch
have you innovated a technique that DJ's
will be using for years to come do any
of the big companies when they come out
with new shit ask you for your input if
you answered no to any of these
questions then shut the fuck up
seriously all right
it is what it is deal with it all right
for all you guys that you Cerato I'm not
shitting on Cerato do you cerrado is a
wonderful thing I think rain
single-handedly saved DJing but it is
advs stands for digital vinyl system
yes vitals in there you using time-coded
vinyl first the first word Oh digital
alright digital if I snatch the laptop
and you can your interface box you're
pretty much fucked you're going back to
the crates okay it is what it is all
right if you're not gonna be open-minded
to other shit then please just don't say
anything do you stay in your lane
alright that's what I do I stay in my
lane I try not to shit on anybody you
know I say after 30 years in the game
you deal with certain shit alright to
all you new DJs you're not out the
fucking words
yeah not out you know in Siena out in
the clear either alright if you are a
new DJ number one where your fucking
history this is the reason why the older
DJ's are getting mad at y'all y'all
don't know shit alright
your dad your mommy and daddy goes buys
you a little controlling you get you a
little copy of fucking tractor over to a
DJ a couple of songs and this could you
can blend two songs together
you know at the right bpm you're not a
fucking DJ learn your history learn some
techniques alright learn how to beat
match by ear alright learn how to do
things pay some dues before you go out
there and start trying to undercut these
guys to put years into this shit
alright they're dudes out that have been
rockin 10 15 20 years you know I'm sayin
I put some real hard work blood sweat
and tears into what they do they're
passionate about what they do and they
love it you know I'm saying for your
little dumb ass to come through with no
knowledge no history no basic techniques
wanna be fucking Qbert scratching all
over everything
sounding fucking terrible and undercut
these guys you know I'm saying it's
wrong you know I'm saying before you can
call yourself a DJ there's certain
things you got to do certain things you
gotta know period alright the bottom
line from all of this is I don't care if
it's digital I don't care if it's vinyl
you know I'm saying all goal as DJs is
to rock a fucking crowd period it
doesn't make a difference how you do
if you're a real DJ all right if you are
a real DJ you should be able to do it on
any fucking thing all right you should
be able to go out there and beat on a
fucking box and make the crown jump all
right
period I've seen motherfuckers run from
vinyl to digital to fucking iPads rock
the party every medium it is what it is
you know I'm saying and if you if you
haven't really contributed anything to
the DJ culture to the point where you
know I'm saying you're a household name
by every detain the fucking world then
who the hell are you to criticize on who
does what all right
a real DJ only use the final says who
alright I just seen jazzy just one
fucking feet seven killing it
alright I got a dude out here where I'm
at alright
me personally I'm not into the iPad
DJing you know I'm saying but I said I
know I do data kill it you know I'm
saying
I put I put him up against any DJ I know
and he will bus they asked what a
fucking I've had period you know I'm
saying whatever you're comfortable using
use it you know I'm saying if you Cerato
you Cerato you know I'm saying if you
use actual vinyl which I haven't even
seen that many people carrying crates
the records to the club within the last
four years serious the last time I
actually saw somebody using actual final
I watched a master the mixed last week
fucking DJ P you don't say one that shit
you saw all vinyl all right so unless
you're doing that please keep your
opinions to yourself alright I do what I
do I stay in my lane you know I'm saying
you do what you do
stay in your lane and you know I'm
saying that's basically all I gotta say
on this subject you're not gonna hear me
on Facebook ranting and raving about it
anymore I'm not gonna be making any more
videos addressing this topic any other
videos you see from here out it's either
gonna be a mix or fucking product review
plain and simple
you can like it you can hate it doesn't
make a difference as long as you are
rocking a party you getting paid to rock
a party you know I'm saying this is one
thing to rock for your friends but you
going to a room of strangers and you
make the whole party jump that's what
it's about you know I'm saying so it is
what it is boy DJ's man I'm out peace